[Music]
[Applause]
hey hey all right everybody sleeping
arrangements Brennan you're gonna be
sharing a room with Dale just until the
two of you get jobs and you move out hey
you wake ya your guts this is your eye
shadow and a bunch of square of the face
this is the one of the house don't ever
touch my drum set
don't touch it all right
[Music]
did you touch my drum set yep hey so
sweaty
those washing cops I think you're
starting to like each other
okay name your favorite dinosaur
Velociraptor alright if you were a chick
who's the one guy you would sleep with
John Stamos what did we just become best
friends yep you have one month to find
jobs here on your asses what I will
arrange interviews and you will go who
is this gentleman sitting behind you
hello Ms lady you can't show your JMO
you shouldn't tell the person who is
interviewing you to shut their mouth
you're sounding stupid now I'm sorry
what are you just coming off stupid
please leave this office do we get any
sort of souvenir well if it isn't dale
doback and his little buddy just leave
me alone will ya shut up cool of you to
treat me an adult with some respect
so maybe you don't go down that way
anymore that's what we talked about
we're gonna take the long way home can
we turn our beds in the bunk beds he'll
give us so much extra space in our room
to do activity as you're adults you can
do what you want this is the funnest
night Hey yeah
[Music]